hey folks it's J from Evolution
Unleashed today we're going to talk
about the biggest mistake that most
entrepreneurs and business owners are
making when it comes to
marketing and that mistake is not
understanding your target market at a
deep level Therefore your offer your
unique value proposition it's not
aligned to your target market so you end
up with very generic messaging you're
throwing a whole lot of stuff at the
wall hoping it'll stick and what do you
know it usually doesn't and it makes
marketing feel so hit and miss and it
can be very discouraging so what I've
got for you today is going to change
that and show you how AI can solve that
problem once and for all so that you can
harness the power of Attraction
marketing which means they come to you
through your content simply by deeply
understanding your target market and
then creating aligned content that
speaks specifically to that market in
order to move them forward whatever that
looks like buy your course sign up for
your newsletter take your offer become a
client whatever it is so let's dive in
and look at how we achieve that all
great in theory but how do we do it
let's go prompting the first thing I
want to show you is a prompt that we're
going to be using today this is part of
our ultimate prompt toolkit which has a
bunch of business marketing and personal
development prompts that are going to
show you the real power of these AI
models to actually move you forward and
create real world impact I'll drop that
in the description or comments below so
that you can get your hands on it so in
this prompt developing a persona it's
one that you would use all the time in
your marketing to align your offer your
uvp and other marketing material
directly to your target market to
achieve residence which means they like
it they're like oh that sounds like they
understand me I want to know more and
they they start diving into what you've
got to offer so we want to understand
how to resonate with them at an
emotional and an aspirational level
because that's where decisions are made
not in logic and uh we want to really
communicate that value so we've got a
prompt here and it's got two
placeholders and what you do and this is
free for you you can grab this prompt
just by literally copying the whole
thing then we're going to come over to
chat GPT or you can use Gemini it works
just as well in Gemini I haven't tried
it in clae 3 yet that's one of my
projects for today but generally any
advanced AI model up there with gp4 will
be able to do this you're not
exclusively having to use GPT it's just
where I think today anyway that the
models are delivering the best value um
so you know is what it is you make your
choice so here's the prompt and I've
added a couple of things here okay so
I've filled in my two placeholders you
remember that we have the highlighted
placeholders here describe your high
level target market so who are you
selling to at a high level you don't
need all the details and then just
explain your offer solution and how it
helps them okay so what I did is I did
it for our course Advanced prompt
Mastery which is a prompt engineering
course designed to help you do what I'm
going to show you in a moment so my high
level Market is AI enthusiasts who are
fascinated by Ai and want to learn how
to leverage the technology to move
themselves forward in business personal
career areas want to cover the whole
market and I help them by showing what's
possible with AI through a heavily value
Le Community which leads them to our
paid programs in such areas as business
development marketing and in this case
prompt
engineering uh using a breakthrough
method that aligns outputs to who we are
it's very powerful stuff just put that
in there the intent the purpose of these
personas to help me gain a deeper
understanding of my target market the
core pain points emotional drivers look
you can read this prompt folks FKS I
just want to show you the outputs okay
um this is a token mod mod token
modifier a modifier that's going to help
you get more expansive output in the
prompt toolkit that I just referred to
and we'll give you the links there's a
whole section on how to use modifiers to
power up your uh responses it makes an
incredible difference so they've uh GP
chat GPT went ahead and gave me three
personas the emerging entrepreneur and
look at this it gives you a name the age
the hobbies and interests an occupation
the challenges and pain points their
emotional drivers Alex is driven by a
desire to be at the Forefront of
technology using AI to innovate and stay
ahead of competitors well that sounds
like me too that's exactly how I use Ai
and I recommend it's how you use AI this
stuff is powerful folks values and
beliefs relevant to your offer value Le
growth believe in sustainable value
driven growth etc etc okay that gave me
a career advancer and it gave me the
lifelong learner which is the personal
development side so I can cover I have a
persona for each of those core
demographics within my overall target
market and then all you have to do is
pick one but before I do that I'm going
to show you what happens when you don't
do this stuff and it's going to look
okay until you see what's actually
possible with a bit of prompt
engineering so let's go back to a
different CPT and this is what
most uh on line two line prompts that
you get in those rubbish prompt packs
10,000 prompts 20,000 prompts folks they
lack context they're going to give you
what looks like a good answer but from
when when you are in marketing you're
going to realize this is very high level
fluffy and doesn't actually do really
enough it's still going to be better
than not doing it
but make a post that will help me sell
my prompt engineering course to my
audience of entrepreneurs please okay so
here's a draft and it's very generic in
high level unlock the power of AI how
often do you hear that for your business
with our Premier prompt engineering
course attention entrepreneurs in the
fast evolving world of artificial
intelligence why prompt engineering look
I'm going to uh put these in a document
and I'm going to link these down below
as well so you can actually compare the
outputs yourself you don't have to take
my word for it but uh this is very high
level it equips you with the expertise
to harness AI full potential turning
into a powerful Ally for Innovation
efficiency and growth no outcomes here
it's not outcome Focus it's not really
telling me in a tangible way how it's
going to move me forward um and then
it's blah blah blah it's telling you all
about what the course is but it's not
aligning it to you or giving you the
outcomes who's the course for why choose
our course okay it's not
terrible but I want to show you what
happens when you add a little bit of
prompt engineering and we take this
target market we're going to use Alex
okay and we're going to use that in a
placeholder and we'll just copy all of
that and then I've developed a prompt
now I'm happy to give you this prompt
you can take this I'll put it in the
document that I'm going to have all this
for
you more value is better right so uh you
can again get this prompt and try it for
yourselves as well because that's not in
the prompt guide I actually wrote this
just for the video today and that's a
power prompt engineering you can just
sit down and whip out a prompt like this
in literally 5 minutes when you
understand prompt structure and you
understand how to align to you know the
outputs you're looking for so today I
need you to assume the role so we give
it a role this is our fivepoint prompt
structure expert in marketing
specializing in the powerful attraction
marketing methods yeah you can put
whatever you like there but give it a
roll context we're going to provide two
pieces of information the context my
target market so we just paste in here's
a target market Persona to use to align
the post toward insuring it speaks to
all people in this market otherwise
it'll just say it'll speak just to Alex
we don't want to just speak to Alex we
want to speak to people like Alex uh
which is you know a representation of
your market so we paste that in okay
that was everything that we got from our
previous output that's why that Target
Market prompt is the Cornerstone of good
marketing it is probably the most go-to
prompt I use in marketing and I hope
that you'll see that after today so my
objective is to create a compelling post
built on the principles of Attraction
marketing so we're giving it a lot more
guidance now that aligns the course
Advanced prompt Mastery with my target
market we want that alignment in a way
that is persuasive and fokes a deep
desire because that's attraction
marketing please note the following
guidelines use simple but powerful
language in a straightforward and
conversational style so we're telling it
how to talk to the market um be heavily
outcome focused so the re uh so the to
the reader to ensure maximum related
ability good thing about cat GPT in
these models they pick up your spelling
errors they know what you mean I use a
power of Attraction marketing and strong
persuasive storytelling techniques to
ensure this post is interesting engaging
for our target market and then we have a
little token override which I talked
about that's a modifier and there's a
bunch of those in our prompt gu and look
at what it comes up with so still look
one thing I'll tell you that AI is not
good at is naming things uh if you try
to name a course or name a guide it's
pretty poor you'll always use the words
unlock unleash can't get away from that
but you can amend this but uh you know
so this still won't be perfect the human
Fielder you got to do a bit of your own
editing you can't just use raw output
straight to Market you want to go
through and tweak it okay very important
uh so imagine this your startup isn't
just surviving it's thriving another
word I hate with AI it's a name on
everyone's lips not because you're doing
what everyone else does but because
you've leap frogged into the future of
business with AI leap frogged into the
future now if we go back and have a look
at what he wants he wants to understand
how to effectively integrate AI into the
business operations to get a Competitive
Edge okay but he's limited by finances
to invest in learning and applying it so
he doesn't have a lot of money but he
understands that he wants to do that his
drivers I'm covering this because you're
going to see the output right Alex is
driven by desire to be at the Forefront
of Technology do you see that and to
stay ahead of compet it is and the
aspiration to grow successful business
fuels Alex seeking out efficient and
impactful solutions for AI such as SK uh
for AI like SC scalability word salad
okay so Alex is driven to driven by
desire to be at the Forefront have a
look at our messaging you've leap
frogged into the
future right so it's aligning to that
Persona this is the power of marketing
with AI as the wind in your sales makes
it easy then it talks about Alex whoops
but in a good way meet Alex a dynamic
founder just like you navigating the
choppy Waters of Entrepreneurship his
right to storytelling his journey
mirrors the aspirations and hurdles of
many emerging entrepreneurs fueled by a
passion for Innovation and a vision for
Success he faces two daunting challenges
so it's doing a story to tell them this
stuff why is it different we understand
the tight rope walk of pioneering look
the path to transformation I love the
language there it's not about learning
AI it's about trans forming your
business ethos okay so it's very outcome
focused and it's speaking very strongly
to that market because this is what Alex
wants it aligns perfectly with Alex's
and your core emotional drivers okay
there's a bit of prompt leakage this is
why we have to go and edit the output we
don't want our instructions from a
prompt leaking into our outputs so you
can either rerun The Prompt and tweak it
this was a prompt I literally just threw
together I haven't fully tested it um
but this is where you want to do some
some human editing okay so you're just
it's about transforming your business
ethos um and you just edit that a little
bit okay uh so on and so on we know what
you're thinking can I afford this do I
have the time remember those two
objections don't have a lot of money and
I don't want to invest a lot of time so
these are valid concerns but let's flip
the script can you afford not to invest
in the future the real cost is and the
opportunities missed by not leveraging
AI Advanced prop Master is designed to
be lean on your resources but rich in
value providing streamlined solutions
that fit your busy ambitious lifestyle
okay what you gain rather than here's
what you get it's speaking to me it's
it's telling me what I'm going to gain
from this which is what people care
about what's in it for me by joining
Advanced problem Mastery and so on the
future is now join us and transform your
startups future look this is a
significantly better marketing message
folks so the key to this is if you were
deploying those rubbish oneliner prompts
versus this what we've just showed you
one's going to perform better and get
better results and that will lead you
when you're consistent with your
marketing and all your content
creation and we got a bunch of cool
content creation prompts in that free uh
prompt toolkit professionally prompt
engineering designed
prompts and this marketing message is
going to be perfectly aligned to that
market market and if you're consistent
in that you're going to get more clients
pure and simple folks if you're not
using AI in your marketing you're going
to be out competed by those who are
because as you'll see if you want to go
and dive into these two messages with
quality prompting versus onshop
prompting we call it and you get an A
significantly better result when you add
the context of your target market you
tell it a lot more about your offer you
give it those two pieces and then say
create aine messaging which is what that
prompt I just showed you does
and it will completely transform your
marketing game look the the simple truth
is attraction marketing works because of
this psychological thing when people
pick up a picture let's say I take a
photo and there's 20 people and you're
in that photo and I send it out to all
of those people you look at your phone
you see the picture who's the first
person you look at in that picture folks
of course it's us so we want our
messaging to sort of understand that
wiring we're interested in ourselves
what it does for me don't care about
what it does I just care about how it
can move me
forward when you get your marketing
message align to that real power happens
and you'll see an immediate lift
especially as you're consistent with
that so folks grab the free prompt guide
or the prompt ultimate prompt toolkit
I'm so good at naming things it's got a
bunch of really cool prompts and it
including that target market and Persona
prompt that will align your marketing so
much better and will sort of you'll feel
like your content's a lot more
effortless and it's a really critical
first step in hitting through and lastly
folks if you want to look at Advanced
prompt Mastery I'll drop a link below
I'm not here to sell you that but if you
are Keen to learn prompt engineering we
have a course that will take you through
it in absolute detail so that you're
able to do what I've just showed you and
elevate your game across the board and
start get start ging that unfair
advantage that and and increase the gap
between you and those not using Ai and
you'll soon see how fast you can go and
why AI is such a disruptive force and
everyone's afraid of what it's going to
do for technology well you can apply
that force and that power to your
business to move you forward
today pretty powerful stuff hopefully
you've enjoyed that folks I'll see you
again tomorrow with some more insights
into AI until then peace